First in the tank is a way to be comfortable and still look professional.
Hi, Sharks. I'm Justin Beer from Bethesda Maryland.
And today I'm seeking $300,000 for 4% of my innovative apparel company
collars and co
4%
sharks. Welcome to business casual.
101. Let's begin.
So, you know, this look, were you wearing a dress shirt under a sweater?
It's pretty much the go to look for every single guy that works
in an office around the world. I lived in New York for 12 years.
This is what's called the midtown uniform.
Problem is I hated wearing a long sleeved dress shirt under a sweater.
It was always hot and uncomfortable and scratchy.
I don't even have to spend the time buttoning up my shirt in the morning.
And then sometimes you would also get what's called floppy collar
where the color just flops down halfway through the day.
But worst of all
was putting him on a dress shirt under a sweater. It is so annoying.
The sleeves always get bunched up my sleeves like right up there by my elbow sharks.
I knew there had to be a better way, which is why I invented
the dress collar. Polo.
It's a stretchy comfortable golf shirt except the top has a firm collar on it.
So it gives you that exact same look of a dress shirt,
but it's really just a comfortable polo sharks.
Guys are wearing this with a tie under a blazer with a sweater and even
just a slightly more elevated casual look with a Polo Sharks.
We are helping guys look stylish and stay comfortable
and we've created a new category of shirt.
Help me create the next great worldwide brand. Thank you
in front of you. We actually have four different color styles.
It's a nice stretchy material.
Yeah, it's stretchy
-- ball. Totally
-- breathable. Quite an interesting idea.
Did you say 4%?
4%?
4%? Ok.
So sales so far
we started last year,
we've sold so far 92,000 shirts for $5.4 million
direct
or
direct to consumer all online.
What was your profit margin on that? 20%?
Net?
-- Wow, that's impressive.
-- Yeah. So this is a really,
really well made product. Thank you. Um But there's two things I hate,
I hate with all my heart this look,
I've always hated that midtown look and it's just not my style.
I really hate that look. Another thing is I hate offers at 4% for 300,000. I'm out.
That answer is that all right? We've had other shirt companies on Shark Tank.
However, of all the ones in 14 years, you've had the fastest growth to 5 million.
I always consider that a hurdle. Getting to five. That's a real business.
So you must have some execution skills in this story
-- that others don't have. You're
-- right, Kevin, the, the secret is in our marketing.
It's in our funnel.
-- We've mastered the funnel. I've been doing this for 20 years.
-- Doing what?
-- For 20
-- years?
Business, internet marketing.
I had a business to be one of the first check in applications for events.
Let me jump in.
I mean, while these are super nice, I think what you're doing is fantastic.
I don't think it's the right investment for me.
-- So I wish you good luck and I will purchase these gifts, but I'm
-- out. Thank you.
Thank you,
Justin. I'm quite shocked because I'm in, I'm in this business.
I own a company called Localized and we basically
take big brands global all over the world,
this
type of product specifically across Asia.
Yeah, we're seeing growth, but we're not seeing it
at the stage that you've just taken this business to.
-- What does it cost to make cost
-- to make landed $15? We sell it anywhere from 65 to 75.
Ok.
I've never bid at a shirt deal because it Oh sure it's such a total commodity.
But you have numbers to justify.
First time in 14 years, I'm gonna make an offer to a shirt deal.
I look at it and say 300,004% doesn't even get me out
of bed to put a shirt on in the first place.
I'll do it for 10%. No,
Kevin.
If
it was,
if this was an old line private equity deal, old slow growth cash flow.
This is a f one of the fastest growing D DC brands in the country.
We're going at 28% a month
when you,
when you want that wall.
-- All
-- the reason I'm making the offer, do you have other
Justin, Justin?
I have no other just
to make, I'm just the only,
you've completely dismissed
an offer that I thought was
pretty good.
What sort of equity are you talking about?
Then you came in with 300,000 for 4% you've dismissed
as if Mr Wonderful wasn't even in the room.
That's
a
$3
million.
This
thing, I pushed it for 7.5 million. It's not worth 7.5 million.
It's worth 20.
What is
this?
What is your free? But
-- what is
-- it? 20%? We made a
million.
What do you need
inventory marketing? And we need to build a team.
-- If we're gonna go to $50 million we need to have some key players in
-- place.
How are you gonna get the money for inventory?
So are you looking to raise or are you looking to?
-- I need a
-- line of credit.
But the other thing that I'm looking for is
a mentor and somebody to help me grow this thing really to the next level.
-- This is, you know what
-- I'll mentor you. I'll mentor you take the 10% offer
the next the next great brand.
I don't know whether you know this market as well as I do. This is beyond Bruton.
And the reason why this,
this is so brutal is because fashion shifts and moves at a literally rapid rate.
And you are up here at the moment and you
think you've got the dream ticket coming into Shark Tank.
The reality is in 6 to 12 months.
This could go out of fashion.
-- Here's the reality, Peter
-- Peter.
I don't think it's going out of fashion. Peter Peter.
Here's the reality, here's the reality. We're going into a recession.
People aren't buying shirts and they can't pay their mortgage.
Then he starts bringing in more. He has a lot of skills. He starts bringing in more.
You know, some things don't get sold.
He doesn't have a second door like Burlington or any place to get rid of this.
And now his inventory starts to chew into his profits and then he realizes, oh,
wait a minute,
I don't know as much as I thought
and
styles
-- that when I
-- got in the business.
When I got in the business, Levi's is doing 18 billion. They're doing four. Now just
-- everything goes out of
-- Justin,
Justin, I'm about to make you an offer
you need to cut out cost.
I have that infrastructure and I could take this
product and sell it all over the world.
So I'm going to make you an offer. But my offer is also at 10% for $300,000.
You
must
just
do
that
-- $3 million valuation.
-- You were gonna go from four to what? Five,
Justin.
Well, why did you just go down to two? He's out Justin.
So look, $300,000 is obviously not enough.
So you already have in mind where you're going to go get your additional capital.
-- We need, we need probably a $700,000 line of credit. That's
-- easy.
So if I went in with Peter, so Peter,
so if you had a global domestic
and I don't mind putting up and I'm sure Peter won't either.
Um, a line of credit at 89, whatever the interest rate should be. 89.
Yeah, because rates are going up for a lot of credit
-- negotiator. You are for a line of
-- credit
mark. Well, we have inventory, we have assets, hard assets.
I know you guys give out a line of credits to like apps and stuff.
There's nothing tangible. We
assets.
If you got
it
when he said me and Peter together, which they both have,
you
make
-- an offer,
-- you
make
your
time
here,
everything they say to you.
So
you
see
that
you get a chance to,
-- we're
-- seeing that and we're seeing that there's gonna be
10 more people through the door in another minute.
-- So what, what's your
-- offer? So, Justin,
I'll include the $700,000 line of credit, but 300,000 cash,
what is the equity you're willing to offer us?
Two sharks are out.
Kevin and Peter have each offered $300,000 for
10% of Justin's Shirt company collar and Co
Mark is willing to go in with Peter and
has offered an additional $700,000 line of credit,
but he wants a bigger chunk of equity than the 4%.
Justin came in offering and has asked him to make his best and final offer.
What is the equity you're willing to offer us?
5%?
I think 10% is too much. I just think 10% when you say
that just let me clean something after you make your decision making easier,
10% is too much.
I'm out.
Ok.
Yeah,
Justin,
I know the value of this business and you've done really well to get a 10% offer.
So you're saying it's worth 0.5.
1st of all, we're gonna do 10 million in sales this year
is just
the problem is
this is why in a
partner,
but you've got to have, you have two ears for a reason, right?
And I don't think you're listening
and that's not good.
That's not a good sign from an entrepreneur.
You do have to listen.
You can dismiss it and you can walk out of here. That's absolutely fine.
But we should be allowed to voice our opinion and you're not
allowing me to voice mine because you keep talking over me,
which lets me know that you're not listening.
You have everything right now in the palm of your hand
and for 6%
that's all that we're talking about. 6%.
Have,
you have no idea what the scale of the opportunity
is and what we're gonna add and the value to that
-- you're discounting
-- it.
No, I'm not discounting what you guys can bring and that's why I'm here,
but we're gonna do 10 million instead.
If you
take it
-- with the
-- two
of them, you could actually be doing 80 million.
So you're talking to guys who've been in the business 30 years.
We see deals like this all day long.
Neither one of us don't do this deal. Our lives are not gonna change.
We're still gonna be rich.
Justin, you're asking us to go to work for you.
There is no amount you could pay to hire the two of us to mentor you and help you
him
globally.
I couldn't even hire him
-- if you're valuing your company at 20 million and
-- 10, you
give you a discount of three,
Justin, Justin. I have
-- a
-- feeling you're not going to get a deal.
I'm
Justin,
would you do it for seven? No,
-- I think we're all out. Right.
-- We're all out.
7%. We're out
Justin, I hate to say it,
but I've got a feeling that one day you're gonna regret this moment.
He still has a chance to say yes. So here it is
$300,000 in equity for 10%.
I'll put up a line of credit of $700,000. We'll do a market rate of interest. Right.
But it's first dollar in
meaning I get paid the minute you get paid by your customer
and you're in it
and I'm in it.
Yes or no.
Let's do it.
Here we go.
Good
job.
-- You lucky.
-- Wow.
-- It's gonna be the best deal. You ever
-- did?
Congrats, man.
You've done an amazing deal. Thanks.
Uh huh.
Well done
for no
walking away.
I knew there was a reason I didn't like guys that wore this shirt,
but congratulations.
-- No. Congratulations. I'm glad you were able to start listening. Thank you
-- so much.
This was great.
Mm.
He reminded me of me.
I'm not gonna lie because when you're young you don't know what you don't know.
I did a lot more talking than listening.
-- It's
-- gonna be interesting to see how he works with us though.
We'll find out
it means a ton that
Mark Cuban and Peter Jones are mentors now.
I mean, having them in my corner is just going to
kind of free me up to,
to think bigger than I ever thought before.
And, uh, hopefully one day I'll be sitting next to them in one of the shark chairs
into the tank is an innovation for the modern office space.
Hi.
Hey,
do you want to be quiet? We, we're trying to pit the sharks.
All right.
All right. Ah, that's better. That's better. Try to go.
Hi, Sharks. I'm Anthony Pucci and I'm Nick Pucci.
We're from Los Angeles,
California and we're seeking $350,000 for 10% equity in our company sharks.
It's probably been some time since you worked in a
cubicle or even sat in an open office desk.
But did you know most offices today feature an open design plan
while it's great for collaboration and cutting costs,
most employees are less productive because of it and
that's because employees are dissatisfied with their work environment.
In fact, a lack of sound and visual privacy is by far and away.
The biggest strain on employee morale introducing cubic call
at
um the modern phone booth
cubicle is the efficient solution to the shortcomings
of the design of modern day offices.
Our booth focuses on the four pillars of privacy needs, audio,
visual, territorial and information.
So distractions like these
girl
become a thing of the
past
and our cubicle booths are fully customizable.
They can be finished in a variety of colors, materials and even custom graphics
and those by folding doors allow cubicle to fit
into offices where every inch of space is critical.
So sharks invest in us so we can help employers invest in their employees.
Which one of you wanna come down and get a privacy
break from Mr Wonderful and test drive one of the,
I
wanna try it.
Let me
thank
you.
No,
we
are not
doing this again.
Oh, sorry. Excuse me?
Oh,
wow.
There you go.
It's, it's really, well, were you saying anything inside Robert?
You can't hear a thing in there.
You can
hear
what's going on
guys.
It's, it works.
It's,
ah,
can you guys hear them
ba,
each booth comes with an air circulation fan,
comes with a regular outlet so you can plug in a laptop and two USB chargers.
-- Why don't you walk us
-- through the numbers?
So we sell the first one there, which is our cubicle two. We sell it for 6009 95.
Oh,
-- $10,000. And what does it cost you to make? It
-- cost us $4200 to make?
And how about the big one? The big one is 11,009 95.
-- What was the cost of the 11 K 1?
-- That one's 7200?
Now,
wait a
minute.
The competition
are relative to that.
They're selling theirs for about $15,000. So, Nick, how did you start? The company?
Tell us? So, we started our own marketing agency.
It was an open plan office and it's a family business.
So we're Italian So we talk very excitedly. We
come
on just got to the point where
any important calls or any meetings that we had,
we either had to leave the office to take it.
We had to stay, stay home. I said,
we can't deal with this anymore.
And after we put in our office and clients came in, they said, hey,
can you give me one of these?
I said, yeah, sure. Once you deliver it, do you just simply plug it in?
And it works because
they
do have to be assembled
as
far as
we actually have a video if you guys wanna see it.
Yeah,
it's
quickly being assembled. You
guys,
right?
With a little practice. Yeah. Ships flat. It's super easy to assemble. Nick.
Have you sold a bunch of them already? Yes, we have, we sold about 70 booths. We sold
your sales last 12 months,
uh last 12 months, $495,000.
And when did you start the business?
Last August? How are you selling it
uh
-- directly direct to the end user online? I like the
-- solution.
But there's a huge problem here.
You're making $1800 on the six K version.
Your margins are so thin that the only way
this business works is selling direct to customers.
Yeah, but this, this is working for them. Why would they end up working
guys? It's not working. You've only sold $495,000 in
business for a year.
How do you feel about the margins? Can you widen your margins? We definitely can.
If we get the investment able to invest in the inventory,
we'll be able to add another 20 to 30%.
What's the vision? What's year two gonna look like? I mean, we wanna get to
$2.5 million next year. That's about 300 booths.
And we think with an investment, we can definitely do that. Do
-- you have
-- competition
right now? In the whole market?
There's probably about four competitors that we compete with.
Nobody does a bi fold door.
It sounds trivial, but you're putting these in because space is an issue. Ok.
That makes sense. Yeah, but you don't think that a steel case could come in
and undercut all of the parts of this and bring the price down by 50%.
I think they could, but they won't hit these price points in these margins.
I find that hard to believe.
But congratulations on what you've accomplished.
It's, it's great, obviously, but I've got a couple of issues.
One, it's capital intensive
two when you're just getting started.
It's not unusual,
particularly for some when you're cheaper to get orders direct online.
But I think you're gonna have to go to some, some other type of two tier
contribution.
That doesn't mean it won't be a great business for you two,
it just means it's harder to invest and harder to get a return.
And so for those reasons outs,
-- congratulations
-- on
it.
You know, you're a niche
within a larger furniture market.
I think this is a highly competitive industry
and I just don't know how you're gonna break into it.
I totally get it.
My only problem is there are competition out there that are already doing it.
And so I think I'm gonna wait a really long time for a return on my investment.
So, unfortunately, I'm
a
ok, thank you. We appreciate it, appreciate it.
I mean, just to sort of paint the picture.
So they do say that 80% of all offices are open plan offices. Now,
by estimates, there's maybe about 9.1 million businesses, you know, in the US.
If we were even to sell one booth to point 1/10 of 1% of those businesses,
everybody says that about a big market.
Yes,
that's a kiss of death on the shark tank. When you say all you need is 1/10 of 1%.
That that's never a good sign.
I'm gonna make you an offer but it's commensurate with the risk. Ok?
I'll give you 350,000. I want 10% of the company. Here's how I get paid back.
You realize they came in asking for 10%.
-- I'm
-- not finished yet.
Silence, please.
Every time you sell one of these units,
I get $100 after I recover 1,050,000,
which is three times on the original investment, it drops to $50 a unit
forever.
Just what you want in a low margin business.
Look, it's commensurate with the risk here. Maybe Barbara can do better. Anthony.
-- You gotta be
-- careful. Kevin is a vampire. He'll live forever.
So $50 is gonna last a long time.
I have a lot of experience with this. Surprisingly, here's my offer.
It's better than his. I think this is so complicated. I don't know what it meant.
It's pretty simple, but I'm gonna give you the 350,000 for 25% of the business.
Wait,
wait. Ouch.
That's much worse than my office. Are you kidding me? Every dollar
that comes in, you get 100 bucks and you get triple
mine reduces over time. Mark Barbara's forever 25% of the company, you know,
Barbara,
you
$50. That's very
expensive.
What do you wanna do?
I
do
now?
Sharks are out.
Nick and Anthony have two offers on the table
from Kevin and Barbara for their office booth company.
Cubicle.
-- What do you wanna do? What do
-- you wanna do right now?
I want to go in the booth. We can hear you.
You wanna go, we'll go talk to Booth.
Ah,
this is hilarious. They're using the calculator.
Oh,
Lord,
welcome back.
Did you guys hear us by each other?
Ok.
What did you guys figure out?
So, Kevin, we really appreciate your offer.
Uh,
it's a little too difficult for me to figure
out and for the eventual sell of the company,
-- it's not
-- a problem when you sell the company because they just buy out my royalty.
That's what happens. Many of my companies
that's happened. $1 billion go on a little
-- too
-- complicated. So, Barbara,
we would like to counter with
350 for 15%.
It's uh not enough. I'm afraid I'll have to turn that down.
Yeah, I expect to do a lot of heavy lifting on this business
and I have tremendous contacts in the contract furniture space and
I think I can make the right introductions for you.
Can't budge on the equity at all.
Uh No, because I wanna be excited about it.
What do you wanna do?
How about, could we do
450 for 20?
No, I really, I feel like I need that quarter slice to get really juiced up about it.
Maybe you should revisit my offer because it has merit actually
should think about. It doesn't sound like she's gonna budge
-- Anthony.
-- I don't think these guys are budging. What are you guys gonna do?
What do you want now?
Yeah.
Ok,
Barbara,
we'd like to take the deal.
Good move.
It's a good deal for everybody. Thank you.
I appreciate
it. My pleasure.
Thank
you.
I
appreciate it.
I think we got a great shark and Barbara with her contacts.
I think it's gonna do wonders for our business. I see the point with the risk but
I think it's, I think we're gonna do great with it.
Next up is a solution for our sedentary lifestyles.
Hi, Sharks.
My name is Bing Howenstine and I'm the CEO of all 33.
I'm here today to ask for $500,000
for a 2.5%. Hello. Piece of our company. Bing baby.
I know it is a very serious ask,
but that's because it is for a very serious problem.
Chairs.
They may be killing you.
Now, you've all heard
sitting is the new smoking.
Well, they are right. Sitting for any length of period of time is really bad for you
and chairs.
Well, they've had the same basic design for almost 3000 years,
whatever you're sitting in.
Even the fancy expensive chairs you guys are sitting in right now,
you can find yourself locked, stuck, immobile and a lot of times in pain
and for all of us working at home these days, this is just not ok.
Well, I have some really good news for you.
Oh,
all 33 is here to save the day,
but don't just take it from me.
Let's hear what one of our biggest fans has to say.
Hey, Sharks, I'm Justin Bieber and this is the all 33.
It's the chair that moves like I do.
I mean, guys, look at this perfect posture, got my chest up my shoulder back.
I'm waiting for
you?
I mean, have you guys ever seen a chair that could do this?
I'm doing a full ab workout right now.
All right.
Hit me up later. I'll be back
if you gotta sit.
This is it
now, Justin knows what he's talking about
because this is our patented sit in motion technology.
It's like a chair within a chair
and it rocks
just like our sales about.
You don't have to have moves like Justin in order for this chair to work for you
because all you have to do is sit,
get fit
and all 33 of your vertebrae. Well, they're gonna keep moving all day
now. This is a chair
now, Mr Wonderful. You're looking particularly uncomfortable. I am.
-- Would you like to come up and see
-- what we're talking about?
-- I have a bad back from a squash injury. Oh,
-- well, then let's see what happens.
Make sure you get your behind all the way into the back of the chair.
Scooch back there. All right.
-- And you can probably feel the rocking motion move back and forth. Very
-- interesting.
Why is this making me sit up straight? Why is that happening?
So,
the, the patterns that we have about this are really quite unique.
Basically, Doctor Dennis Colonel
who invented this.
He's been doing this for a long, long time.
He's got 45 years of treating backs necks and everything else he figured out.
Let's get your hips moving almost as if what you're experiencing is, is,
is a sensation that's almost like you're standing.
But when you're sitting,
it is moving all 33 of your vertebrae while you're sitting.
And there's nothing else in the world that is doing.
I'm very skeptical about all these claims on chairs because I've tried so many
and I also have tried different devices that way back.
This thing actually is working.
I don't care about Bieber. I'm gonna kick his ass when an eye album comes out.
-- I don't like your valuation though. Well, we can
-- talk about that.
-- I would expect that from
-- you.
Tell us how, how did you get into this and what happened?
So I have been a patient of Doctor
Colonel's for about 20 years
and then friend,
I'm also a bit of a serial entrepreneur.
I got into making products and getting products sold
along the way. I got into the back hair space
when I sat on Dennis's chair, an early prototype.
I said this is a whole different ball game,
but I knew that Dennis was never gonna get this thing going
as a friend. I said, let me help you.
I'm gonna do a Kickstarter for you.
So we did that.
-- It performed very well. What's very well? We did $800,000.
-- That's very
great.
Did you license it from him? No partners with him. I own a small piece of it.
-- How much of the company do you
-- own? I own about 5%.
So a premium chair in today's market sells for roughly $2000. A real premium chair.
-- What does this sell for?
-- We're selling this for 799.
-- What's your margin? What's it cost you to make?
-- So, our margins about 67%.
-- Uh our cost delivered to a customer with all that good stuff is about 260
-- bucks. 2.5%.
500,020 million valuation. Yep.
How many chairs are you selling? How many dollars?
-- So, this year alone, we've sold about 3.2 million. We're on track to hit 5.5.
-- Ok.
-- And what are you gonna make on five and a
-- half?
So we were, uh, uh,
slightly profitable in the second quarter and we expect be the same in this uh,
-- third
-- quarter.
I mean, just help me because,
you know, I'm, I'm a quick study in, in most sectors, um,
office supply furniture or even if you wanna call this high end chair design,
whatever, maybe it would trade for 11 times pre tax cash flow.
I mean, I'm not saying
it isn't a great chair but it's a chair.
-- Why is it worth 20 million
-- dollars?
We are looking at comps for other companies that are out there
in a very similar space that are 3 to 4 times revenue.
We know we're gonna get there.
We have also talked to the market,
not my opinion, 20 million bucks is a pretty good valuation. So then why are you here?
Why am I here?
If you talked to so many people that gave you that valuation, why are you here?
Because shark money is better than other money?
So you're charging us more than no sales because with sharks,
I'm prepared to give you a discount because you
guys are sharks and you give a discount.
I'm the CEO of the company and I'm here to make a deal.
-- You're
-- a marketing company, first and foremost, you've got,
you've got your product, right?
It's got its angle, it's got its differentiation and that's good. Right?
I just don't wanna be in the chair business. Sure.
You know, it's just of all the businesses big and small,
not that there's anything wrong with the chair business, but it's just not for me.
Um So for those reasons, I'm out.
That's fair. Thank you.
If you had come in here today and you wanted to sell me a chair, you're the perfect guy,
but you weren't here to sell a chair.
You were here to sell a business, correct? You said you were a 5% owner,
correct?
I for some reason feel it lacks credibility. Ok?
I think that's a good lesson for other entrepreneurs.
You can't send a salesman here.
Well, with all due respect, this is my life right now.
And to, you know, it's a bit of a denigration to call me a simple salesman on this deal.
-- Barbara's very
-- good at pissing everybody
off.
That's fair. You can do that.
But the fact is that's not, is that is not what is happening here.
I'm here to build a company.
We are building a movement in a category that hasn't been done before.
We're going up against the big guys that, you know, frankly,
it's a fractured system that I look forward to breaking.
I wish I could believe that you're building a category,
but I don't see that as a category.
I see it as a
chair with a new design element, but it doesn't get me all excited.
So for that reason,
thank you.
The problem for me is whenever somebody comes in and
they have something different that can really be good,
but they're just starting
and they wanna get a shark.
I always feel the smart thing to do is to be a lot smarter
about your valuation because if you get somebody in and alongside with you,
you could take a one off item like this and blow it up, which is what I'm good at.
So if you had had something that was just more realistic because you're,
I, I just feel it's so out of whack for me, it just turns me off.
And for that reason, unfortunately,
I'm out
that's fair.
There is a competitor company that just had a $200 million valuation on,
you know,
just
-- a little higher
-- sales. I actually, I actually work with one of the bigger guys, uh,
very desk
and the whole, uh, theory is the desk raise up and the chairs that,
you know, they sell are a little pole, a chair. So you have to balance yourself.
Right. Um, this would be
a conflict, uh, with me.
So I'm out,
I started choking on the valuation and I'm still choking on it.
I tried the chair and it has merit but 500 K for 2.5%.
-- I don't get out of bed for 2.5
-- percent.
Well,
I can't do it. I'm happy to have you in a higher place in the cap table.
Just squeeze your head like a teenage pimple and I feel like doing that,
but I don't want to.
So I'm out.
Ok.
Thank you very much. I will buy one though.
Well, uh you're gonna have to pay full price this time, I guess I will.
All right. Thank you, Bing
to have Barbara. Just call me a salesman.
I think that was a bit offensive and, you know,
I don't think any entrepreneur wants to hear that when
you put your blood sweat and tears into something.
Um, I, I find that uh particularly, you know, not cool.